[libc++] Introduce the notion of a minimum header version (#166074)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/index.rst

to be formally supported and listed here, please work with the libc++ team to set
up testing for your configuration.

Libc++ maintains backward compatibility with programs compiled against older
versions of the headers. The library can be configured to be backwards

> compatible to headers from LLVM 2.8 or any later major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versions of the headers. The library can currently be configured by vendors to support headers from LLVM 2.8
or any later major release.
```
